code pin link
https://codepen.io/jxlara/full/QWGYQjg
Questions/Answers.
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Code that clearly defines its content to the browser and developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
It is used to structure a web page like the bones do for our body.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes add detail to an element. You put them in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The H1 tag is used for the most important header. Only one because it is the most important header.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Text area, Input.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
DOCTYPE HTML! , and head tags.
    7. What is an id? 
It is a attribute that specifies a unique id.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
You can only add one id to each element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You should only use an ID once.
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is an attribute that specifies one or more classes.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
div
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
There isnt a limit.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add a target="_blank" attribute to your link.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
It adds a text discription to the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
id="myHeader"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
a section represents a generic section of a document, while div has no special meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
css is used to style a webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
*h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    You would use a class when you want to style multiple elements on the page.
    You would use an id when you want to style one element on the page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human{

}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 
If you wanted to style or highlight the p in a div element but not the whole div element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
You use decendent selectors. Or divId a:link {style}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
The first element of its type or they are being hovered over.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
    border:1px dotted color: black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
Select all. 
This question isnt very specific.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */ comment /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm -i. You want to be specific so you dont delete all of your files.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
It keeps track of your changes.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
whenever you add a new feature that is worth commiting.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
You fork the repo.
Clone the repo (git clone url).
git checkout -b 'file'
make changes add your file
git commit -m 'be specific'
git status
git push origin -u 'file'
pull by clicking pull request and merge pull request then compare to your named branch on github.
-----------------
stretch questions 
1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
a block element creates a new line while inline does not.
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
it gets positioned to he nearest positioned ancestor. If there is none then it moves along side with page scrolling.
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
flex-grow
 4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
attribute, div, footer.
span, image
button
 5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
The box model is the "box" that wraps around every html element.
Im not sure the second question provides enough context for me to answer.
set the margin auto.

